SOURCE_URL: https://ghost.org/resources/how-to-publish-your-first-post/
PAGE_TYPE: blog
SCRAPE_DATE: 2026-09-20
TITLE: How to publish your first post
------------------------------------------------------------
Ghost comes with a best-in-class editor that does its very best to get out of the way and let you focus on your content. Don't let its minimal looks fool you, though. Beneath the surface lies a powerful editing toolset designed to accommodate the extensive needs of modern creators.
For many, the base canvas of the Ghost editor will feel familiar. You can start writing as you would expect, highlight content to access the toolbar you would expect, and use all of the keyboard shortcuts you would expect.
You can copy and paste raw content from web pages, and Ghost will do its best to correctly preserve the formatting.
Pasting an image from your clipboard will upload inline.
Pasting a social media URL will automatically create an embed.
Highlight a word in the editor and paste a URL from your clipboard on top: Ghost will turn it into a link.
You can also paste (or write!) Markdown and Ghost can usually auto-convert it into fully editable, formatted content.
The Ghost editor. Also available in
Dark Mode
, for late night writing sessions.
Things work for you, so you don't have to
think
so much about the editor. When you need more power, use
dynamic cards
to embed rich media into your posts and create beautifully laid-out stories.
Using cards
You can insert dynamic cards inside post content using the
+
button, which appears on new lines, or by typing
/
on a new line to trigger the card menu. Many of the choices are simple and intuitive, like bookmark cards with rich links and embedded structured data:
The Ghost Blog
Real stories & opinions for creators about running an independent membership business, brought to you by the team at Ghost.
The Ghost Blog
David Ramos
You can also use embed cards to insert content from external services:
Dig a little deeper, and you'll find more advanced cards, like one that only shows up in email newsletters (great for personalized introductions or calls to action) and a set of image and gallery cards.
Once you start mixing text and image cards creatively, the whole narrative of the story changes. Suddenly, you're working in a new format.
As it turns out, pictures and a thousand words go together really well. Telling people a great story often has much more impact if they can feel like they are right there with you.
Galleries and image cards can be combined in so many different ways — the only limit is your imagination.
Build workflows with snippets
One of the most powerful features of the Ghost editor is the ability to create and re-use content snippets.
To create a snippet, select a piece of content in the editor that you'd like to re-use in the future, then click on the snippet icon in the toolbar. Give your snippet a name, and you're all done. Now, your snippet will be available from within the card menu, or you can search for it directly using the
/
command.
This works really well for saving images you might want to use often, a newsletter template links to often-used resources, or introductions and passages you want to remember.
Publishing and newsletters the easy way
When you're ready to publish, Ghost makes it as simple as possible to deliver your new post to all your existing members and publish it on your website.
Hit the
Preview
link, and you'll get a chance to see what your content looks like on Web, Mobile, Email, and Social:
You can send yourself a test newsletter to ensure everything looks good in your email client and then hit the
Publish
button to decide who it's delivered to.
Ghost comes with a streamlined email newsletter template and built-in settings to customize the colors and typography.
We've spent countless hours refining this template to make sure it works great across all email clients and performs well for email deliverability. So, you don't need to fight the awful process of building a custom email template from scratch. It's done already!
The Ghost editor is powerful enough to do whatever you want it to do. With a little exploration, you'll be up and running in no time. Now that you know how it's done, let's find out
how to turn visitors into members with email signups
.
On this page
Introduction
— Read this next —
How to setup your Ghost publication
Get trends & tips delivered to you.
A weekly roundup of emerging trends, products and ideas in the creator economy, trusted by
50,000+
readers.
Subscribe
Email sent
Try again
No spam. No jibberjabber. Unsubscribe any time.
Wow,
@Ghost
is killing it today with their newsletter. It may just be me, but it seems like more time and care is being spent every week on it. If you can show me a link about my obsession I didn’t know about yet — that’s something.
2:22 PM · 13 Jun 2021
@Ghost
has been my favorite company newsletter of 2022
6:21 PM · 4 Apr 2022
Ok, the Ghost newsletter is hands down the best newsletter in my inbox and it is not even close. There's not a single other one that I am going back to read or look forward to getting. Excellent job!
6:09 PM · 17 Apr 2022